I created my web portfolio for the Responsive Web Design 2 final project using a mix of HTML, CSS, and Bootstrap. The primary ones used were HTML and Bootstrap as I understand them better and have an easier time using them. 

I faced many challenges while doing this project, I am by no means a coding savvy person and still have a rather weak grasp on how most things related to coding work. One of the most pressing issues I had was getting my image cards to center on the mobile screen size. I had them arranged too shrink to a single column style for mobile, but instead of staying centered, they all stuck to the left and refused to move. My first attempt at fixing this was to go into CSS and use it's flexbox system to move the cards to center in a mobile size media query, unfortunately this ended the same way almost every other time I've tried to use flex did; with nothing moving or changing. After about an hour of trying every means of flex (justify/align self, content, items) I took to the web and poured through W3Schools’ website, along with forums dedicated to Bootstrap, HTML, and CSS. After about a week I finally found the help I needed. I learned two things; first, that my cards were not actually centered on tablet and desktop, they just looked like it, and second, that there is a justify-content-** Bootstrap class that can be applied to your code. Once I added justify-content-center too my grid rows everything fell into place and finally sat where it should be.

While working on this final project I really learned how great of a tool Bootstrap is. It's a simple, yet powerful and complex tool, that makes coding and responsive design a little more manageable for me. With Bootstrap I was able to create a site that I never would've been able to using just CSS and HTML, and I’m actually rather proud of what I was able to accomplish with it. And while not related to this class, I learned to love my work more. Putting some of my drawings up on a portfolio site I built myself felt really nice, and gave me the perspective to appreciate the hard work I put into them, how far I've grown as an artist, and how much fun I have creating.

https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Kanit?preview.text_type=custom#standard-styles
This is the font I used for my portfolio site, I used the regular 400 style.

https://codepen.io/RajRajeshDn/pen/qXeJOG
This is the codepen I used to help with my social icons. It was very fun to look through and learn how to create a glowing effect using borders, shadows and transition times. I found this codepen while looking for inspiration for my social icons, I had wanted to do something similar to what https://swabtheworld.com/en/ has going on. While it's not exactly what I set out looking for, I really like the glowing ones and am glad I found them.
